Migrate to certmagic (#360)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/docs/30-administration/60-ssl.md

    environment:
      - [...]
+     - WOODPECKER_LETS_ENCRYPT=true
+     - WOODPECKER_LETS_ENCRYPT_EMAIL=ssl-admin@example.tld
```

Note that Woodpecker uses the hostname from the `WOODPECKER_HOST` environment variable when requesting certificates. For example, if `WOODPECKER_HOST=https://foo.com` is set the certificate is requested for `foo.com`. To receive emails before certificates expire Let's Encrypt requires an email address. You can set it with `WOODPECKER_LETS_ENCRYPT_EMAIL=ssl-admin@example.tld`.

The SSL certificates are stored in `$HOME/.local/share/certmagic` for binary versions of Woodpecker and in `/var/lib/woodpecker` for the Container versions of it. You can set a custom path by setting `XDG_DATA_HOME` if required.

> Once enabled you can visit the Woodpecker UI with http and the HTTPS address. HTTP will be redirected to HTTPS.

### Certificate Cache

> Woodpecker writes the certificates to `/var/lib/woodpecker/golang-autocert`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Woodpecker writes the certificates to `/var/lib/woodpecker/certmagic/`.
```
